hello again to all the friends and
subscribers of the commercial channel
he wanted 1886 and nothing distracted ones a
boxing in this case it's about
motorola moto gp I think it's the
mobile right now most demanded in the
market is quite complicated thing
to get one, I've had to
move pretty and nothing I have finally
got one to prove it had
really want to have one and see that this one
you know, you know, an average range of
motorola that will give the welcome google but
It has some pretty characteristics
interesting is hd processor screen
four cores a gig of ram so
nothing let's see the unboxing and see what
such works in this case I have taken the
8 GB version that is the unit
found and nothing the problem of this
phone is that you can not expand it
the memory memory as the nexus do not
has the possibility of expansion with
microsd cards therefore if you can
I recommend you buy the version of
16 since it varies little the price passes
face is even more complicated
get and nothing like this mobile what
I want for work and that with 8
gigas I'm going to have to spare and well let's go
to see what the box brings
understood that it brings practically nothing
it has an end
you can see a very simple packaging
and we have what the phone is and according to
I content you rather little
you see here comes the usb cable
and it's already bring nothing nothing more paper
motorola warranty I imagine that
it will also be from this start guide
quick and little else because you will see adjust the
maximum price that only brings in
what is the microusb cable so if
you have as many you will have an adapter
You will have to use it since it does not come
the included usb charger seems like a
sovereign stupidity because it is a charger
these people are worth it
cents and not including it what a
little absurd but well you do not bring
something more common headphones for example
in those he does not bring them either but
simply this is all the content
that has and well here you have the
phone now it seems small to me that
clear that in connecting with the motorola
with the bq aquarium 5.7 and that will give us
everything seems small but good as
you can see 4.5 inch screen
here on the right side you have the button
Lock and lock screen button
of volume more and less
at the bottom you have the entrance
right lateral microusb you do not have anything
and the section you have
headset and jack input and here in
the back because you have the speaker
the camera that I think was 5
megapixels the led flash and nothing here
came the logo with a kind of
motor slits the truth that a
simple view when you take it you have a
very very nice touch the back
very I do not know I like the touch and the truth
that does not look like a range phone so
cheap I know how to say it looks like a phone
more expensive than it looks good we go
I think you could open the lid
you can remove the stage as you know
you have interchangeable housings
colors that sell them apart and here
you have what is the phone
this is the battery but you can not
extract only comes here so that it
can see but can not remove what
is the battery and here you have the entrance
for micro sd cards
so we're going to proceed to a first
switched on
to see how we are going to take off
well I remove
and let's turn it on
the screen like this at first glance looks
pretty good a 720p screen the sim
that in principle has to be seen with
good quality
and nothing the front glass is with
gorilla glass is to say that the three
It is one of the most resistant and good
forgot to comment that they arrive also had
a front camera that I think is from
1.2 million something like that and good now
you would have to configure it and test them and
that there is not in another video because what
you will understand a little review for
that you see it and nothing since I have it here
next if you want to see a comparison
of sizes
Nothing here you can see the engine or the
motorcycle
ge and here the fnac 5.7 so you can see a
little differences
of size
the engine or the motorcycle gp for me is the
ideal measure because we after being
all these days with him with the efra 5.7
it seems to me a little small and good
do not worry soon there will be a review
Full motor or motorcycle gp
user experiences and also
surely a versus between the 5.7 sna and
the engine of the motorcycle hero so nothing
we are attentive and soon they will be
uploading the videos a greeting to
everyone, see you later